Update pull_request_template.md to include accessibility compliance (#14871)
galaxyproject/galaxy: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Instructions for manual testing are as follows:
  1. [add testing steps and prerequisites here if you didn't write automated tests covering all your changes]

## Accessibility (for UI Components)

> - [ ] This Pull Request complies with Accessibility best practices defined [here](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy/blob/dev/client/docs/headings.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This Pull Request complies with [the Galaxy Accessibility best practices](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy/blob/dev/client/docs/headings.md)
```

xref https://usability.yale.edu/web-accessibility/articles/links#link-text
